## Research Interests

Here is a short tour of my research interests:
* **Gene-environment correlations**: in humans, environmental effects on complex traits are aligned with axes of genetic variation in complex ways. This poses a statistical challenge to methods such as GWAS. On the other hand, I see a great opportunity in studying these interesting correlations, and hope to design new models for understanding the lines along which the environment is inherited. I am currently exploring the patterns of environmental correlations in the UK Biobank. 
* **Genealogical linkage disequilibrium**: at small scales, LD is governed by genealogical forces - where mutations map relative to each other on a genealogy. I study from a theory perspective how signed LD results from these forces, and the implications on the evolution of selected mutations. This will help us to interpret patterns of association and allelic heterogeneity at a locus scale. 
* **Spatial population genetics**: I have a strong interest in how geography interacts with population genetics. In a previous project in the Racimo lab which led to [this](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/biorxiv/early/2023/12/19/2023.03.27.534388.full.pdf), I studied how ecological interactions shape population genetic variation; I also collaborate with [Margaret Steiner](https://maggiesteiner.github.io) and use forward in time simulations to study how rare variants spread across landscapes, and the implications for Biobank design.
* **Ancient DNA**: I studied how a haplotype at ADH1B spread through Eurasia during the Neolithic. This haplotype shows strong signatures of selection, and we suspect its spread may have been related to that of farming technologies.
